DOC-638: Added documentation for new contextmenu_avoid_overlap setting (#1672)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: _includes/configuration/contextmenu_avoid_overlap.md

## `contextmenu_avoid_overlap`

> The `contextmenu_avoid_overlap` option allows preventing the context menu overlapping with specific nodes within the editor. This option takes a CSS selector and when the context menu is opened on a node that matches the specified selector, the context menu will render below instead of where the click occurred.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{site.requires_5_5v}}

The `contextmenu_avoid_overlap` option prevents the context menu from covering (or overlapping) specific nodes within the editor. This option accepts a [CSS selector](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Selectors). When the context menu is opened on a node that matches the specified selector, the context menu will render below the node, instead of where the click occurred.
```

Author: Fixed/accepted 👍

> {{site.requires_5_5v}}

Author: In ~80-90% of cases it is below the description, not above.

> {{site.requires_5_5v}}

Author: As discussed on slack, the others will need fixing at some stage, but in general we want it above the descriptions.
